README.md, before:

# Lemming pants

The purpose of this project is to develop a system to manage the speaker list of Datateknologsektionens meetings. Preferably in the simplest possible way.

Feel free to fork, do pull requests and post issues!

The name is much inspired by DHack's totem animal, the [lemming](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9A6vm92R9oU).

## Installation

Install the programs below and rock on!

- Postgrest https://github.com/begriffs/postgrest
- Postgresql
- PGJWT: https://github.com/michelp/pgjwt
- postgres-websockets https://github.com/diogob/postgres-websockets
- A web server of your choice (example configurations for NGINX are in the pipeline)

### Initialize the database

```bash
createuser -P lemmingpants
createdb lemmingpants -O lemmingpants
echo 'ALTER DATABASE lemmingpants SET "app.jwt_secret" TO "feBU1ykZ4icKs2nKam9l8CD84qhgeOl6QQakrUJBiRTUu4dKTLVoH8o";' | psql -d lemmingpants
echo 'CREATE EXTENSION pgcrypto; CREATE EXTENSION pgjwt;' | psql -d lemmingpants
psql -d lemmingpants < init.sql
```

## Running in dev-mode

For development, the local web-server that serves the static resources is run by with this command `./de-server.sh`

Commit message:

Made Lemmingpants pretty, closes #45.
- Updated the instructions of the README-file to be a bit clearer.
- Added static/bundle.css to .gitignore.
- Added building styles to the Makefile, also made all targets phonies.
- Moved around lots of code in the views in the frontend to make it
  possible to style the views.
- Installed some scss libraries: bourbon, neat and bitters.
- Put a normalize.css in the right place.
- Created a frontend/styles/main.scss

README.md, after:

# Lemmingpants

The purpose of this project is to develop a system to manage the speaker list of Datateknologsektionens meetings.

Feel free to fork, do pull requests and post issues!

The name is much inspired by DHack's totem animal, the [lemming](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9A6vm92R9oU).

## Installation

For development you should be good to go if you install the programs below:

- Postgresql >= 9.6
- Postgrest: https://github.com/begriffs/postgrest
- PGJWT: https://github.com/michelp/pgjwt
- postgres-websockets: https://github.com/diogob/postgres-websockets
- Some SASS binary on your `$PATH`. There are a couple to choose between. libsass and SassC are used in development, so if you use them it should just work. https://sass-lang.com/libsass
- A decent Purescript distribution

### Initialize the database

```bash
createuser -P lemmingpants
createdb lemmingpants -O lemmingpants
echo 'ALTER DATABASE lemmingpants SET "app.jwt_secret" TO "feBU1ykZ4icKs2nKam9l8CD84qhgeOl6QQakrUJBiRTUu4dKTLVoH8o";' | psql -d lemmingpants
echo 'CREATE EXTENSION pgcrypto; CREATE EXTENSION pgjwt;' | psql -d lemmingpants
psql -d lemmingpants < init.sql
```

## Running in dev-mode

For development, the local web-server that serves the static resources is run with this command `./dev-server.sh`

## Building the frontend

Build the frontend by running `make dev` in the `frontend/` directory.
